-: Welcome back.
So let's get into our ALB ingress,
SSL zero eight zero four
and we have completed our step one introduction.
And then step two,
register a domain in Route 53.
So now we are in the
step three create SSL certificate
in
certificate manager.
So let's go ahead and then
do that now, right?
So we'll go here and then in services we'll search
for certificate manager.
Right? Here In the certificate manager.
And we already have a certificate related
to StarDot stack simplify.com.
So which we are even not using it now.
So we are primarily focused
on using star dot cube on cloud.com.
So request a certificate
request a public certificate, right?
And provide our domain name, right?
So our domain name, whatever need is cube on cloud.com.
So we are going to give the
domain name is star dot q
on cloud.com.
So let me provide this right and
if you want to add any other names to this certificate, no
we already give Star, right?
So ideally we should be good.
So use an star to request a wild card certificate.
So which will be applicable for
several sites
which is nothing but any number of sites.
Three W side.example.com images.example.com, like that
we can use it for many stuff.
So now I'll click on
next
and it is asking for the validation method.
Do you want a DNS validation?
Or a email validation? Okay, so if our choose this option
if you have or obtain a permission to modify
that DNS configuration on the domains
which means if you have the
access
to your
Route 53 and then with your user
you are able to modify your Route 53 domains here.
So then ideally not an issue, okay?
So you can directly
use it.
So I'll do the DNS validation.
So I'll click on next and any tags you want to view
I really don't need to give anything review
and then confirm and then request.
So we are creating this SSL certificate now.
So what it says is
like create a senior record in the
DNS configuration
for each of these domains listed below.
So how you can do that is just click
on this and then automatically it'll provide a link here.
So you really don't need to go to route 53 and do it.
If you click on this link
create a record in route 53, it automatically creates.
So if you see on Cube on cloud.com currently
only two record that is there after adding
let's see how many it'll be there.
Okay? So you can see here
only two should be there record sets,
default record sets.
So now let's come to certificate manager
and click on create record in route 53.
Okay, so it is going to create this scene record there.
Okay? So it should be created,
it'll take a while to create.
Okay, so it created, okay
so now what happens is once it is created, we can click
on continue and wait for the
validation to happen.
So it'll take hardly not less
than means like five to 10 minutes.
This validation should be completed.
I'll pass the video and then once it is completed
we will verify that and then
move on with the next steps.
So we can see it now.
Star dot cube on cloud.com is issued
and then ready for us for the use.
So in our next step we'll focus on
creating the annotations related
to SSL in our alb ingre SSL dot yml.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.